-------------------------------------------------------------
This is another assignment where we are trying out Sense's AI

Once you have written your code, you can use

sense-send

to send it to Sense.  You can do this before you have passed the
assignment (as sometimes they can give some feedback that can help you
figure out what is wrong if you are failing test cases), and/or
after you have passed the assignment (as they can also give you
feedback on code quality that our test cases cannot).

We encourage you to send it at least once after you have
passed to get feedback on code quality.

As always, please remember this is experimental, and don't
be too upset if the AI gives incorrect feedback.

If you edit your code on their site, you can do

sense-get

to download the updates to the MLP.

We hope it works well, and would love to hear
feedback from you on it!
------------------------------------------------------------
In this assignment, you will practice writing a simple class that
represents a vector (in the mathematical sense of an entity with
magnitude and direction, not the vector from the STL you will see
later in this course).

You will want to practice using good abstraction by writing the
interface in vector.hpp and the implementation in vector.cpp.

In vector.hpp, declare the class Vector2D, which should have two
private fields, representing the x and y coordinates (we will use
Cartesian coordinates for simplicity), double x and double y. The
class should also have the following public member functions: 
- void initVector(double init_x, double init_y);
  This function initializes x and y to be the arguments passed in. We
  will see a better way to do this later.
- double getMagnitude() const;
  This function returns the magnitude of the vector from the origin
  (0, 0) to (x, y). This is given by sqrt(x^2 + y^2), for which you
  will likely want to use functions in cmath. (Note that when you
  include cmath, instead of math.h, it puts functions in the std
  namespace, so you must use the fully qualified name std::sqrt.)
  Think about why this method should be const.
- Vector2D operator+(const Vector2D & rhs) const;
  The overloaded + operator should do vector addition in the usual
  way and return a copy of the new vector. Think about why the
  parameter should be const.
- Vector2D & operator+=(const Vector2D & rhs);
  The overloaded += operator should add the lhs and rhs vector and
  assign the result to the object pointed to by this.
- double dot(const Vector2D & rhs) const;
  This function performs the dot product operation, returning a double
  x1*x2 + y1*y2.
- void print() const;
  This function should print the vector in the format <%.2f, %.2f>,
  giving the x and y values. This is not the standard way to print an
  object in C++, and we will see a better way later.

Once you have written the class definition, you should be able to
compile and run the code in main.cpp, getting the same output as in
answer.txt. Of course, you should write your own tests as well and
convince yourself that your class is correct before grading.
