For this assignment, you will be practicing some basic unix commands.

We are also going to practice a couple different ways to use the shell, so
that you can see what you like best.

The first thing you should do (and read this whole part before you do it) is:

Press control z  (C-z) to Suspend emacs.
Run the "ls" command to see what files are in this directory (its just the README right now)
Run the "fg" command to get back into the emacs you Suspended.
  - Note: if you run emacs again, you will have two emacses running,
    with the original suspended.

That method of using the shell takes you out of emacs.   There are some
programs that expect to have full control over the terminal, and can't really
be run inside Emacs.   If you need to run them, you will need to suspend Emacs (C-z),
do the shell commands, and resume emacs (bg).

For most things, however Eshell is great.  Again, read all these instructions
before you do any of them:

Run M-x eshell (that is Escape, then x, then type eshell, then hit enter).
Now, split your screen horizontally (C-x 2) (control+x at the same time, release them and hit 2)
Now, change your current split back to the README:
   C-x b (control+x at the same time, release them and hit b).
   You will get prompted for what buffer to switch to.  It should say (default README), so
   just hit enter (if it doens't say the right thing, start typing README, but use TAB
   completion to finish).


After those three steps, you should have Emacs split into two windows with this README
on top and and *eshell* on the bottom.  Note that the *s around the name mean
the buffer is special---its not a file, its something else (in this case, interaction
with the shell process).

Now hit C-x o (control+x at the same time, release them, then lowercase o). Your cursor
will move into the *eshell* buffer.  Now you can run the ls command, and see
what is in the directory (same as you did before). To come back to the README,
hit C-x o again.  Use C-x o whenever you want to move between the windows in Emacs
(in this case, between README and *eshell*).

Before we proceed, run this command in your eshell:

cp /usr/local/ece551/unix1/* ./

Note: you can copy and paste that:
  1. Go to the start of the line with the command
  2. Hit C-[space] (control + space) to set the mark
  3. Hit C-e (control+e ) to go to the end of the line.
  4. Hit M-w (escape then w) to copy
  5. Hit C-x o to go into eshell
  6. Hit C-y to paste

How if you do ls, you should see this:
copyme  deleteme  file1  file2  renameme

Now you should use your knowledge of Linux commands to accomplish the following tasks:

 (1) copy the file called "copyme" to the file "acopy"
 (2) rename the file called "renameme" to be called "renamed"
 (3) delete the file called "deleteme"
 (4) make a directory called "mydir"
 (5) copy "file1" into mydir
 (6) move "file2" into mydir

Once you have done this, run:

git add '*'
git commit -m "Did assignment Unix 1"
git push
grade

Note that once you have waited a bit for the grading to finish
you should do

git pull

Or you can use waitgrade.sh to wait until grading and releasing is
done, and it will git pull for you.

to get your grade report and (if you passed) the next assignment.   You can open
up your grade report with
C-x C-f grade.txt
(remember you can change buffers with C-x b to get back to the README!)

Once you have passed, you dont even need to leave Emacs to open the next assignment
C-x C-f (backspace through 001_unix1, then type 002[TAB] to tab complete 002_unix2).

